== D & D 3.5 Character Sheet Application

The primary aim is to be a useful tool for in-game character sheet tracking.
We love myth-weavers and a good old sheet of paper, but tracking the buff
effects in combat is a real drag in both systems. We can do better.

The design philosophy is to decompose every number into its constituent parts,
enabling us to easily and reliably add to and modify those parts, and respect
D & D's stacking rules for bonuses. For instance, a character's speed of 45 is
computed from her racial speed of 30, plus her barbarian fast movement 10,
plus a morale bonus of 5 from the elation buff her party cleric cast on her.

The numbers are calculated from base values, derived from either the character
itself or his race, then modifying them by considering all of the character's
active effects, currently defined as his worn equipment and active buffs, plus
an adjustment effect for when players or DM's need to modify or override the
calculated values.

== TODO

* Include character level effects for things like barbarian fast movement

* Have fast movement bonus either depend on the type of armor the character
  is wearing, or be manually activatable

* Implement an assignment operator for effects, so that wildshape and polymorph
  can reset base values for physical abilities

* Calculate attack and damage bonuses for character's worn weapon

* Allow character to define multiple attack scenarios
  Full attack, charge, normal attack for starters, but consider wielding a
  weapon 1- or 2-handed, using natural attacks instead of a weapon,
  switching weapons, etc.

* Allow character to receive wounds and healing

* DR

* Allow character to receive conditions, e.g. shaken or entangled.

* Allow character to set their power attack modifier

* Feats are going to be interesting, and will probably end up being be a pile
  of worms. We could hard-code feat behaviors, e.g. power attack is available
  and does such and such unless the also has the other feat that lets them
  deduct the penalty from AC instead of BAB. Better would be to figure out
  a safe, parseable language for expressing these rules, but that's probably
  crazy talk.

* Skill synergies are busted, though I did make 'em work for a while. The
  fun bit with those is all of the synergy bonuses that apply in certain
  conditions. Oh, and of course, feats and other effects will need to be
  calculated in.

* Spells, that is to say, the kind you cast. Screw spellcasters though, they
  get all the nice things anyway, they can wait.

* A UI to make all this model work have some payoff
